New commandline flag to not check/update the configured files (#149)
c4urself/bump2version: README.md

  The file that will be modified.

>   This file is added to the list of files specifid in `[bumpversion:file:…]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This file is added to the list of files specified in `[bumpversion:file:…]`
```

>   sections from the configuration file. If you want to rewrite only this file

Reviewer: I think `this file` becomes ambiguous since there's now 2 files: the passed in file and the configuration file.
```suggestion
  sections from the configuration file. If you want to rewrite only files specified on the command line,
```
